[Music]
travel forward with us 300 years into
the future to confront the greatest
mystery ever to threaten mankind we are
aboard a huge starship called the
enterprise this is the return of Captain
Kirk and alien the object of
unbelievable destructive power is less
than three days away from this planet
mr. Spock
I offer my services as science officer
dr. McCoy Scotty and joining them on
their mission commander will Decker and
navigator Ilia I'm sorry did you left
Delta 4 I thought you didn't even say
goodbye
[Music]
is that an endless powerful verse one
will distortion is overloaded main power
systems
[Music]
this M is the epic journey of the
Starship Enterprise traveling to the
outer limits of time and space to
challenge a vast living machine
destruction the human adventure is just
beginning
[Music]
Star Trek the motion picture a Gene
Roddenberry production a Robert wises
film
[Music]